[Music]
to get this one in every 20,000 people
is born with albinism you know that
condition when the body doesn't produce
enough melanin giving the skin hair and
eyes a pretty much complete lack of
color well it's pretty rare in humans
it's even harder to find in the animal
kingdom but they do exist so if you've
never seen an albino dolphin squirrel or
crow you're in for a treat let's start
with a horse of a different color well
maybe just you know white albino horses
are born completely white and stayed
that way their whole life the really
cool thing about them is that they don't
have reddish eyes unlike most mammals
such as mice and rabbits albino horses
see the world through their brown or
light blue eyes and have unpigmented
skin this makes some experts believe
they're actually just white and not 100%
albino deer being an albino can be both
a curse and a blessing for a deer you
see when you lose your camouflage it's
much harder to hide from predators in
the woods when you can be seen from
miles away on the other hand their
beauty and grace stop most hunters from
killing them since many people actually
consider white deer off-limits there's
even a legend that killing an albino
deer will bring you bad luck well I'm
guessing the legend was probably started
by the albino deer themselves turtle now
sea turtles have long been on the
endangered species list and albino sea
turtles are so rare that any time their
pictures appear online they go viral in
2016 a group of volunteers spotted a
turtle nest on castaways beach in
Queensland Australia
there were 122 baby turtles on it and
they left the nest leaving one albino
baby behind
the volunteers called that turtle Albie
and it quickly became an Internet star
[Music]
alligator regular alligators are common
in the swamps of the southeastern states
and no one really dreams of meeting one
face to face right I'm guessing the both
bite about the same but albino
alligators are incredibly rare as
there's only around 20 of them in the
whole world
similar to deer they're yellowish white
skin makes them an easy target for
predators so they don't live too long
their skin is also highly sensitive to
sunlight the most famous albino
alligator was called white diamond and
it lived in Germany's Serengeti Park he
was transported there from Louisiana to
become part of a traveling reptile show
owl this majestic creature looking
straight out of the Harry Potter movies
was found in 2016 because their skin and
feathers lack color the eyes of an
albino owl look bright red and you can
literally see through the iris to the
blood vessels inside whoa who would have
known squirrel
only one squirrel in 100,000 is born
white so spotting one is a rare stroke
of luck they're an easy catch for Hawks
given that they're highlighted white
against the grass and leaves so many of
the survivors actually enjoy living in
towns among grey squirrels and humans
ladybug if you ever find an albino
ladybug it's likely a 15 spotted lady
beetle or ashy gray lady beetle yes they
have names they can also get darker with
time even regular ladybugs are believed
to bring good luck and the effect is
supposedly even stronger
with unique albino ones giraffe in 2017
the world went all mushy and gooey as
pictures of two albino giraffes from
Kenya went viral it was a mom and her
baby with spots barely visible on their
skin any time someone snaps a picture of
an albino giraffe it instantly becomes a
sensation because they're so rare and
Niq cockroach well not exactly all
people are fans of cockroaches actually
nobody is and most people will try
anything to get them out of their house
maybe you'd be kinder to an albino
cockroach they become this way when they
reach molt and lose pigmentation due to
a chemical reaction mm-hmm I think I'd
spray those two gourami not only animals
birds and insects can be albino fish can
to meet the albino gourami they also
lack melanin pigments and look white as
snow as a result which is Tufts and snow
tends to melt in an aquarium if you ever
decide to get one as a pet note that
bright aquarium lighting will make their
vision way worse so be careful with it
sea urchin another creature of the sea
that goes under different names such as
hairy sea urchin short spine sea urchin
sea egg and West Indian sea egg none are
named after Oliver Twist which is kind
of a street urchin anyway
this albino creature has found an
interesting way to protect itself from
predators in the side it hides in
seaweed shells and pebbles hmm sound
smart to me crow albino crows and ravens
are among the rarest birds on the planet
and are even considered more mythical
than real just like regular Ravens
they're naturally curious about what's
going on around them and that lack of
color makes them vulnerable to sunlight
another problem they face is finding a
partner to mate with so some lucky Birds
just end up living with humans that
provide plenty of love and care Hedgehog
only 1 in 100,000 hedgehogs is colorless
since they're born with a recessive gene
the cool thing about them is that
they're so white they can even glow in
the dark if you ever find one the best
thing you can do is take it home or to a
pet shelter because they don't fare too
well in the wild moose the latest
spotting of a white moose that became an
online star was in the värmland region
of sweden it turns out there are people
who spent years photo
hunting these creatures and for one of
them their dream came true after three
years of unsuccessful attempts regular
hunters don't go after white moose
because they're so well protected
peacock male peacocks use their multi
colored plumage to attract the ladies
albino peacocks don't have that variety
of color but easily look even more
majestic kind of like Elsa the ice
princess
you know from frozen by the way some
peacocks are half albino and half
regular in many cultures the white
peacock stands for death resurrection
eternal life and glory well I think
we've covered all the bases there tiger
now albino tiger shouldn't be confused
with regular white Tigers that are
common in India those have white fur and
brighter black stripes but albino Tigers
look lighter with pinkish eyes albino
tiger parents passed the albino gene to
their offspring so you can even see
whole families of them finch we're used
to seeing them in bright colors but
albino finch also occur in the wild so
don't be surprised if you spot one I
wonder if Charles Darwin caught a
glimpse of one during his visits to the
Galapagos dolphin in 2018 the world went
crazy at the site of a rare white albino
dolphin when it was spotted twice within
a week in California's Monterey Bay it
was a young Rizzo's dolphin swimming
along with hundreds of its non albino
friends dubbed Caspar when it was first
spotted in 2014 it's most likely the
only albino dolphin ever to be
documented
Rizzo's dolphins are pretty unique as
they have bulbous heads large dorsal
fins and grace car covered bodies
kangaroo there are more kangaroos than
people in Australia so it's hard to
surprise a tourist with one but albino
kangaroos aren't nearly as widespread
most of them live in captivity but there
have been reports of one albino kangaroo
hopping around the suburbs of Canberra
wildlife experts say such kangaroos are
prone to hearing and vision issues so
surviving in the wild isn't easy for
them
zebra black and white stripes are what
you imagine when you think of a zebra
scientists still aren't sure exactly why
nature has given them this pattern but
one thing is certain some zebras are
different from others they have leucism
which makes them totally blond gorilla
and albino gorilla called snowflake
became the most photographed animal in
the world it attracted millions of
visitors to the Barcelona Zoo and live
for 39 years he was born in 1966 in
Equatorial Guinea and was the only white
gorilla in the world new research has
shown its white coloring was caused by
inbreeding orangutan the only albino
orangutan in the world is called Alba it
was rescued in 2017 from the jungles of
Indonesia spent 20 months in
rehabilitation at the Borneo orangutan
survival foundation and was released
back into the wild
the foundation staff and medical team
realized Alba can survive quite well
among regular orangutans despite their
previous concerns that it could be a
problem Doberman albino Dobermans have
exclusively white coats blue eyes and
pink noses lack of melanin makes them
more vulnerable to the Sun and their
skin and eyes are super sensitive so if
you happen to have an albino Doberman
definitely get a dog a proof sunscreen
or a light coat for your pup well have
you ever seen an albino animal let me
know in the comments below don't forget
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life